So now let's rank the features by their importance.
The creator of Shapley Additive Explanations, Scott Lundberg,
has written an efficient implementation that we can install and use.
We'll be able to use this to determine both local feature importance,
which means for a single observation,
and also global feature importance,
which is for all training samples as a whole.
To aggregate local feature importance into global feature importance,
we can take the absolute value of the local feature importances, and then average them.
We'll practice this in the code below.
We can calculate the feature importance using sklearn and using the Shap library.
Based on the feature importances,
we can think about modifying features to improve them.
Then we can re-train the model on modified features.
You'll get to do this in the project.
So finally, we can prune the feature set to just use the most relevant features.
Again, that part, you will practice in the project.
So first, let's just run some of the starter code to get started.
So this is going to get the data, create the features,
and then when we get to that part it's going
to train a model on these features and labels.
So let's split, train,
train validation test, and then okay.
Great. So we're going to fit random forest.
Great. So the next video we'll go over a
ranking by feature importance using the sklearn library.